RecipeRadar - 2024 Cyber Assessment
-----------------------------------

This document is an assessment of RecipeRadar (developed and operated by
OpenCulinary C.I.C.) as of December 2024 using version v3.2 of the UK NCSC
Cyber Assessment Framework[1].

As a small project, RecipeRadar may benefit from a relatively agile technology
infrastructure/computing base.  However, the company is also to some extent
restricted by its technology selection principles (e.g. primarily open-source).

Evaluation
----------

A1: Governance

A1.a: The organization's network and information security approach is owned and managed at the directorial level and is regularly top-of-mind.  However, we do not have a written policy, and as a single-employee organization, there is no guarantee that we would be able to communicate and share the current approach effectively.

Status: Achieved
Gaps: Policy documentation -- perhaps roll into our public-facing 'about' / 'vision' pages.

A1.b: There are fairly clear delineations between software development responsibilities and infrastructure management tasks within RecipeRadar; these relate closely to corresponding source code and documentation.  To some extent, source control history demonstrates the nature of the work involved -- but not necessarily how it is performed.  As a single-employee organization, accountability belongs to a single individual.

Status: Achieved
Gaps: None currently - but task definitions may be required if+when additional hiring commences.

A1.c: Decisions that involve risk are documented in the most-relevant corresponding source control repository where the risk is anticipated to manifest.  As with other bugreports and feature tasks, we expect asynchronous and thoughtful contributions to these, and there is complete visibility of these within the organization.  We do not yet delegate any responsibility outside of the organization, nor have a risk review process.

Status: Achieved
Gaps: The organization has no continuous risk review procedure.

A2: Risk Management Process

A2.a: The organization has not yet defined its threat assumptions.  Risk assessments are unclearly defined.  Staff have an implicit, unstated awareness of risk priorities.  Risk assessments, when they occur, are ad-hoc and included as part of issue tracker tasks.  Security risks and perceived security risks are considered important to resolve swiftly.  The organization does not review its performance at managing risk.

Status: Partially Achieved
Gaps: Lack of risk register and continuous review thereof.

A2.b: None of the individual mechanisms that the organization believes contribute to its security are considered a reliable, sole assurance.  However, the organization has not performed cyber security assurance testing -- either in development or production environments -- and assumes assurance based on lack of evidence of problems so far.

Status: Not Achieved
Gaps: Absence of assurance testing for the cyber security of the organization and its service.

A3.a: Production assets are minimal and replaceable, and instructions for how to do so are documented, but inadequetely tested/replicated.  This documentation is kept up-to-date.  System dependencies are recognized, as are the upper-bounds on the importance of the systems that the organization provides.  The organization has some reliance on external vendors to manage corporate data, and does not yet have an organization-internal data retention policy.  Cyber security is considered during the lifecycle of information assets, and this informs the organization's policy to avoid hosting or storing sensitive information.

Status: Not Achieved
Gaps: Evidence of independent from-scratch system recovery is required.  An organizational information retention policy is required.

[1] - https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/static-assets/documents/cyber-assessment-framework-v3.2.pdf
